Docker 1.5 preliminary support (#211)
TheNetsky/Microsoft-Rewards-Script: README.md

### **Setup the Source Files**

1. **Download the Source Code**

2. **Update `accounts.json`**

3. **Edit `config.json`,** ensuring the following values are set (other settings are up to your preference):

   ```json
   "headless": true,
   "clusters": 1,
   ```

### **Customize the `compose.yaml` File**

A basic docker `compose.yaml` is provided. Follow these steps to configure and run the container:

1. **Set Your Timezone:** Adjust the `TZ` variable to ensure correct scheduling.
2. **Configure Persistent Storage:**
   - Map `config.json` and `accounts.json` to retain settings and accounts.
   - (Optional) Use a persistent `sessions` folder to save login sessions.
3. **Customize the Schedule:**
   - Modify `CRON_SCHEDULE` to set run times. Use [crontab.guru](https://crontab.guru) for help.
   - **Note:** The container adds 5–50 minutes of random variability to each scheduled start time.
4. **(Optional) Run on Startup:**
   - Set `RUN_ON_START=true` to execute the script immediately when the container starts.
5. **Start the Container:** Run `docker compose up -d` to build and launch.

> 6. **Monitor Logs:** Use `docker logs netsky` to view script execution and to retrieve 'passwordless' login codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Monitor Logs:** Use `docker logs microsoft-rewards-script` to view script execution and to retrieve 'passwordless' login codes.
```
